 The Salvation Proclaimers Anointed Church, popularly known as SPAC Nation, has been shut down by the United Kingdom authorities for an alleged £1.87 million fraud. The UK government on Friday, 17th June said the Pentecostal church based in London and owned by a Nigerian Pastor, Tobi Adegboyega was wound up in the High Court on Tuesday, 9th June 2022. The controversial church was shut down after failing to properly account for more than £1.87 million of outgoings and operating with a lack of transparency. The statement also disclosed that SPAC Nation failed to comply with statutory requirements and made claims without providing supporting information. The statement reads: “The court heard that SPAC Nation was incorporated in 2012, a charity set up to advance Christianity. Much of its charitable work was based in London, working particularly with vulnerable people, youth, and offenders. “Initially, the church group received positive reviews and media attention. But by late 2019 SPAC Nation was subject to media scrutiny following allegations by former church members they had been financially exploited by senior church personnel. “Investigators interviewed pastor Dapo Adegboyega and he said that the church group had over 2,000 members and 200 ordained ministers and pastors but failed to provide any supporting information. “Further enquiries found that SPAC Nation either failed to comply or only partially complied with statutory requirements, including providing data to support claimed donations, and accounting records in support of £1.87 million of expenditure. “The company’s financial statements for the two years to 31 December 2019 set out £610,000 of rent expenditure. However, the company did not have a single base of its own and would hire venues across London to hold services, at significant expense. “Salvation Proclaimer Ministries Limited was wound-up after the court concluded the company operated with a lack of transparency, filed suspicious or incorrect accounts, and was insolvent at the time of the hearing. “It was also recognised that the company provided inconsistent information to the Insolvency Service and Charity Commission, and failed to deliver up adequate accounting records.”