Most of us realize that company culture is important. It helps to shape the nature of the business, it helps retain employees, and it guides an organization to its future, for better or for worse. So how can you build a company culture entirely from scratch? And how can you make sure this culture is a good fit for your business and for your team? What Is Company Culture? Company culture is a set of standards, values, and aspects of identity tied to a specific company or brand. For example, your company culture may be laidback and focused on collaboration, encouraging employee autonomy and flexibility while simultaneously supporting an environment where people can work together efficiently. There’s no such thing as a “right” or “wrong” company culture, though some aspects of some cultures may be considered toxic or counterproductive. Instead, company culture should be designed to encapsulate and support a company’s overall philosophy; because of this, what works for one company may not work for another, and merely copying someone else’s company culture is a bad idea. Building and Maintaining Company Culture What does it take to build and maintain company culture? Core Tenets of Your Company Culture How do you determine the core tenets of your company culture? The Evolution Process Finally, you should understand that your company culture is not meant to remain static and unchanging forever. Instead, it’s better to allow your company culture some degree of evolution. As you learn more about the company, get feedback from employees, and as your industry environment changes, it’s valuable to reassess the culture you created in the past and see if it requires any modification or improvement. Remaining adaptable is a prerequisite. It’s not exactly easy to create a company culture from scratch, especially if you’ve never done this sort of thing before. But as long as you’re willing to put time and energy into the process proactively, you can end up with a company culture that brings you genuine pride.