The Federal Government has rescinded its decision to suspend Nigeria’s basketball teams from all international competitions. The Permanent Secretary Ministry of Youth and Sports Development Ismaila Abubakar disclosed this at a news conference in Abuja on Thursday. He said the latest decision is based on a letter of appeal from the Nigeria Basketball Federation (NBBF), signed by Mister Musa Kida. “President Muhammadu Buhari, being one that is committed to youth development and desirous of ensuring that they are availed of all opportunities in sports and other endeavors considered the appeal and in the overriding spirit of national interest, love for our youth, and in order to avoid sending basket development into a long period of suspension when NBBF have now committed to the resolution of the issues which precipitated the withdrawal in the first place has approved the return of Nigeria to international basketball immediately,” Abubakar said in a statement after the briefing. “In securing this approval, of note is the caution that the laws of Nigeria cannot be subjugated to any other law, and every Nigerian entity must respect Nigerian laws and authority governing various sectors. Failure to do this, as with any constitutionally bound sovereign nation will attract sanctions.” He explained that the “appeal letter also critically gave some key
undertakings: to immediately set in motion the process of status review or
constitutional amendments from stakeholders as collated by the Ministry of
Youth and Sports Development; to set up a high-powered team to reconcile all
contending parties in the basketball family at home and abroad, and a
commitment to work with the Ministry in the governance and development of
basketball among other things.” He said President Muhammadu Buhari has manded the ministry to ensure the implementation of the undertakings by the NBBF and “report back to Mr. President on progress”. Before the reversal of the ban, FIBA had replaced the D’Tigress with Mali ahead of the FIBA Women’s World Cup to be held later in the year.