 The young man involved in the controversial organ harvesting scandal that led to the arrest and detention of Senator Ike Ekweremadu and his wife Beatrice in the UK, David Nwamini Ukpo, has taken to social media to tell his own side of the story. According to David Nwamini in a Facebook post on Saturday, June 25th, he was allegedly lured from Nigeria to London for the harvesting of his kidney without his consent. He claimed that they promised him a job and never told him about the organ donation, adding that he got to know about the organ harvesting through the physician who was going to perform the procedure on him. Recall, Ike Ekweremadu and his wife were arrested in the United Kingdom by the police and detained on allegations of child trafficking and organ harvesting after Ekweremadu had flown David to UK for the kidney transplant. Ekweremadu and his wife were subsequently denied bail in court, and the case adjourned to July 7. Entiled “My journey to UK”, Ukpo’s unedited post reads thus: “On one fateful day I met a man named okoro in a building site where I was working for my daily bread, okoro told me he like me, he want to help me achieve my dream because he saw me as a great person. He told me could you like to work in UK I just started laughing because I don’t have money for that, then I told him no am not interested and asked me why I told him I don’t have money for that. “He just started laughing to me and told me he is going to introduce me to senator his company in UK need workers, so he could start my visa processing. “I have no other option than to accept the offered, after two day the man came to the building site again and told me the senator wanted to see me so we could start the visa processing, then I dropped my shovel and head pan and went to bath immediately. “Mr okoro took me to unknown area where I haven’t been before, I was afraid maybe he is a money ritualist, I encouraged my self since I knew Mr okoro for a long time there will be no problem. Mr okoro hand me over to one young man wearing a suit, he told me everything about then I told him Mr okoro has already explain everything to me and I have accepted to work in UK. “Their later gave me a room on that mansion and snap me a passport photographs and told their will start my visa processing immediately. the kind of food I ate there my generation haven’t ate it before. I was so happy staying in that house. After a week their told me my visa and passport are ready their told we are going to leave tomorrow, I was taken to airport from there we land in UK I was taken to a hospital in UK. “When we landed in hospital in UK I was told I must went for a medical test to check my health status, if I’m fit for the job I accepted without any question. I thank God for doctor harry who told me everything and I told him why I’m here and he later called police for my rescued.”