 Enyinnaya Abaribe, the Senate Minority Leader, has condemned the zoning of the Abia State Peoples Democratic Party governorship ticket to the senatorial districts of Abia Central and Abia North. In a statement released on Saturday, the party’s state chairman, Alwell Asiforo Okere, said the decision was reached after “wide consultations with leaders and stakeholders, including the 17 local government areas of the state and a subsequent meeting of the State Working Committee and the entire Executive Committee.” However, Abaribe, who represents Abia South in the Senate, claimed that the statement was simply written to keep him out of the race. The lawmaker, in a statement signed by him, urged the party members in Abia to disregard the purported zoning. The lawmaker said since he was constitutionally qualified, no person or body can exclude him from contesting the 2023 election in Abia State. Also Read: I Will Be Governor For All Abians, Senator Abaribe Pledges Abaribe said, “My attention has been drawn to a document signed by the State Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, Dr Alwell Asiforo, purporting that the Abia State PDP has zoned the governorship seat to Abia North and Abia Central and wish to assure all Abians who are desirous of an end to imposition in Abia State to disregard the purported zoning. “While any member of PDP has the right to support anybody for any elective position in Nigeria, it cannot be to the exclusion of any other member. “It is obvious that the statement was merely formulated to exclude me from the contest. By virtue of section 42 (2) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 as amended, no person or body can exclude Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe from contesting and winning the 2023 elections in Abia State. “All PDP members and Abia citizens are therefore urged to remain calm and participate in the forthcoming congresses and primaries where your voice will be heard as we dismantle the cabal that want to keep Abians subjected to further years of imposition. “It is only Abians that will decide who will be their Governor in 2023.” 