 Russia has assured that it would continue to provide necessary assistance to ensure the safety and well-being of Nigerian citizens in the Russian Federation. This is according to a statement made on Friday by the Nigerian Embassy in Moscow, Russia, on the sidelines of a meeting between officials from the two nations. Prof. Abdullahi Shehu, Nigeria’s Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Russia with concurrent accreditation to Belarus, met with Mikhail Bogdanov, Russian Federation’s Special Representative for the Middle East and Africa. Bogdanov, who is also Russia’s Deputy Foreign Minister, offered the guarantee during a meeting with Shehu at his office. The statement said: “BOGDANOV informed Shehu regarding logistics arrangements put in place by Russia to assist in the evacuation of Nigerian students that were stuck in Kherson, Ukraine.  “During their conversation, the current situation in Ukraine was discussed, as well as a range of topical matters regarding the future development of the traditionally friendly Russia-Nigeria relations. “Also were efforts to expand mutually beneficial cooperation in trade, economy, science, technology, culture, humanitarian sphere and other fields.” The embassy said BOGDANOV further informed Shehu that the Ministry of Education of the Russian Federation would offer admissions to Nigerians willing to continue their education in Russia. The minister recalled the warm and beneficial relationships between Nigeria and Russia, as well as the latter`s military and political support to Nigeria during the civil war. It also mentioned that such support was in the area of subsequent assistance to Nigeria to build the Ajaokuta Steel Complex, as well as assistance for nuclear technology development for peaceful purposes. “He further assured the Nigerian Envoy that Russia considers Nigeria as an important country and a strategic partner in Africa and will continue to strengthen our bilateral relationships,” the statement added.  He commended such relations to have been in areas of global issues such as the fight against terrorism, climate change and international peace and security. The ambassador, however, requested the Russian authorities to provide the necessary conducive environment for the welfare and well being of Nigerians in Russia and strengthen Nigeria-Russian bilateral relations in all sectors.