The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has once again pointed the finger at the federal government for the prolonged strike in public universities. Prof Emmanuel Osodeke, the union’s National President, said in an interview with Sunday PUNCH that after the government finished negotiations with the union in May 2021, it “went to sleep” for eight months. According to him, ASUU waited for the government to intervene, but to no avail. The union went on an eight-week rolling strike, according to Osodeke, to give the federal government “more time.” He said, “The initial idea was that the government would have met all the demands within the four weeks. But since the government said they could not meet up with our demands in four weeks, we said let us give them eight weeks. We just don’t want to declare an indefinite strike. Let us hope that in eight weeks, they meet up so that schools can return to normal and there will be an improvement in the system. Also Read: DELSU Backs Out Of ASUU Strike, Resumes Classes “All they have done is to make promises like they had done in the past. For our members, if you have made promises in the past that you did not fulfil, why should we believe you again? If the government was serious about these problems, within four weeks the problems would have been solved. “We say release the white paper, release the revitalisation fund for universities and sign the agreement, these things should not have taken four weeks if they were serious. “In 2021, ASUU did not go on strike and I’m sure you are aware of that. We completed negotiations in 2021, did we go on strike? Between May 2021 and February 2022, that is eight months, for them to go and look at what we discussed; did we go on strike during this period? No, but the government went to sleep. “For eight months, the government went to sleep and when ASUU went on strike, they came up.” When asked for his reaction to claims by the Federal Government that there were no funds to meet the demands of the union, Osodeke said, “The government said there is no money but they have money for elections. Between education and election, which one is much more important? They constructed a railway from Kaduna to Niger Republic, is that more important than education?”