Ken Nnamani, the former President of the Senate, has announced his candidacy for the presidency in 2023. In a press conference held in Abuja on Friday, the former Senate President made the announcement. Nnamani expands on his decision to run for President of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the 2023 Presidential Primary, which he announced unofficially a few days ago. He stated that he will buy the nomination forms in a few days. According to him, “I consider this a good development as it shows that our democracy is growing to the point of significant inclusivity and democratic freedom. “The bedrock of democracy is that right of citizens to aspire to political offices and offer themselves to other citizens to evaluate and elect them to make decisions for the rest of the society. “The responsibility to choose the best amongst the qualified for the office rest on the citizens. In the case of the party primary, that responsibility rests on the party delegates chosen according to law for that purpose. “In the days to come, I will be consulting and communicating with our party delegates who have the responsibility to choose the best to fly our flag in the competitive presidential election in 2023. “Looking at the array of aspirants to replace President Buhari in 2023 under the platform of the APC, I believe that I am very suited for the job of the President of the republic at this period in the history of Nigeria. “We will all agree that President Buhari met enormous challenges. In spite of the challenges we face, we have to acknowledge Mr President’s patriotism which manifests in the unshaken belief that Nigeria will move past the current problems and setbacks. “With rigour and commitment, he has been dealing with the crises of stability and development since 2015, when he became President in a historic mandate that inaugurated the first democratic transition from one party to another. Also Read: 2023: Tinubu Is Our Choice, Sanwo-Olu Tells Amaechi “As members of the ruling party, we have to step forward to tackle these difficult challenges and continue in the spirit of courage and patriotism. “I believe that every period in the history of a country requires a particular kind of leader. Nigeria faces very tough challenges now more than ever. It is at a time like this that we need a man of tested integrity and competence to mobilize Nigerians to overcome these tough challenges. “My pedigree as the President of Senate and Chairman of the Presidential Committee on Constitutional and Electoral Reform shows beyond doubt that I am that man. “Different period requires a different kind of leadership. In 2015, we needed a Buhari to take Nigeria away from the misdirection of the Peoples Democratic Party. In 2023, we need a leader who knows how to work across the divides and lead a coalition for competent and dedicated Nigeria to lay foundations for social stability and prosperity. “We need tested and trusted leaders who would reignite hope in the hearts of young Nigerians and unlock the competencies that we are losing to other nations. In 2023, we will need a Ken Nnamani to help unite Nigeria, deepen democracy, and rebuild the social and economic infrastructure of sustainable development based on production and fair distribution.”