Governor of Kogi State, Yahaya Bello, has announced his ambition to run for president in 2023 on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC). On Saturday, the governor announced his intention in Abuja’s Eagles Square. Bello, who is serving his second term as governor, praised his administration’s accomplishments and promised to repeat them if elected president. While admitting the country’s current issues, Bello praised President Muhammadu Buhari, saying he has done a lot for the country. The governor also said he would consolidate on the legacy of the president. “I am running for president because I see a bright light shining at the end of the tunnel for our nation. I am not one of those who always see doom. What God has helped us to do in Kogi state, by the grace of God we will replicate the same in Nigeria,” he said. Also Read: 2023: Don’t Vote For Atiku, Saraki, Peter Obi, Obasanjo Tells Nigerians “I thank God Almighty who has blessed me with life, health, good family and well wishers. But for God, I wouldn’t have had no story to tell at all. I am grateful for the opportunities to serve my country. “Despite the difficulties we face today, the privilege of being a Nigerian is one I cherish so dearly. Dear friends and fellow patriots, I wish to declare my intention to run for president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in the 2023 general election. “I will be doing so under the auspices of our great party, the APC. I will be running on the broad political philosophy of progressive activism through social action and political reforms. “We are so blessed as a nation and yet it does not always seem so. I am running to restore hope by providing guarantees for security, unity and progress to all Nigerians. Our focus will be proper management of our great diversities, so that it can really be an advantage. We will foster more cooperation and integration amongst citizens and make sure that progress is made steadily across all sectors and indicators. “Despite the challenges facing Nigeria today, no one can deny that President Muhammadu Buhari has given our country the greatest investment since this fourth republic began. In addition, this administration has invested heavily in our national security. The war against insecurity may be taking longer than earlier expected, but President Buhari has ensured that we have the combat resources.”