 After being accused of sleeping with a married man, Reality television star, Amuchechukwu Asogwa Alex has reacted with curses. On Monday, the dancer and businesswoman, released a long post on Instagram where she said that she has never had anything with any married man or a fellow woman. “Asides responsible business, I have never had anything to do with a married man and I don’t advice anyone to. I also haven’t had anything to do with any woman,” she said. Alex demanded the blogs spreading the rumor to provide proof of such allegation, adding that she works hard legitimately to achieve all she has. Her post read, “That been stated, I challenge the blogs to bring out the proof that supports their allegations. I’m not requesting one of the fabricated chat or voice note that you people usually put together to back up claims and deceive people as I’ll need to know whoever is behind this. “If you put this together by yourself, I’ll pay for the flight of whoever and whatever it is that concocted such news. Come and say it
to my face, I dare you. Amuchechukwu Asogwa fears no allegation as my slate Is ultra clean. “I won’t turn off my comment sections, I won’t run from anyone, I fear nothing. I’m here. There are still people out here that work hard to attain heights. Do not let these blogs push you into believing everyone lives a bad life especially as they do to women in the industry. After being accused of sleeping with a married man, Reality television star, Amuchechukwu Asogwa Alex has reacted with curses. On Monday, the dancer and businesswoman, released a long post on Instagram where she said that she has never had anything with any married man or a fellow woman. “Asides responsible business, I have never had anything to do with a married man and I don’t advice anyone to. I also haven’t had anything to do with any woman,” she said. Alex demanded the blogs spreading the rumor to provide proof of such allegation, adding that she works hard legitimately to achieve all she has. Her post read, “That been stated, I challenge the blogs to bring out the proof that supports their allegations. I’m not requesting one of the fabricated chat or voice note that you people usually put together to back up claims and deceive people as I’ll need to know whoever is behind this. “If you put this together by yourself, I’ll pay for the flight of whoever and whatever it is that concocted such news. Come and say it
to my face, I dare you. Amuchechukwu Asogwa fears no allegation as my slate Is ultra clean. “I won’t turn off my comment sections, I won’t run from anyone, I fear nothing. I’m here. There are still people out here that work hard to attain heights. Do not let these blogs push you into believing everyone lives a bad life especially as they do to women in the industry.