 A 43-year-old Kehinde Oladimeji and his 35-year-old wife, Adejumoke Raji, have been arrested by operatives of the Ogun State Police Command. They were nabbed for being in possession of fresh human parts. The suspects, who are residents of 72, MKO Abiola way, Leme, Abeokuta were reportedly arrested after different fresh human parts such as hands, breasts and other parts were found in their house. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Abimbola Oyeyemi, disclosed this in a statement on Saturday. Oyeyemi said the couple claimed to be herbalists who got the human parts from one Michael who resides in Adatan area of Abeokuta. The PPRO said the suspects were reported at Kemta Divisional Headquarters by the Baale of Leme Community, Moshood Ogunwolu. Oyeyemi said Ogunwolu told the police that one Pastor Adisa Olarewaju, who is a co-tenant with the suspects, informed him of offensive odours coming out from the room of the suspects. He said, “Upon the complaint, the DPO Kemta Division, CSP Adeniyi Adekunle, quickly led his detectives to the scene where a search was conducted. “On searching the room, a plastic bowl containing fresh different parts of human being was discovered in the room, and the couple were promptly arrested. “On interrogation, the suspects confessed they were herbalists and that the human parts comprise hands, breasts and other parts were given to them by one Michael who they claimed resided in Adatan area of Abeokuta. “All efforts to locate the said Michael proved abortive as the suspects could not locate his house. “It will be recalled that a dismembered body of an unknown person was found in a swamp area at Leme area of Abeokuta about a week ago, it is not yet clear whether the parts is that of the found body or not.” Oyeyemi, however, said the Commissioner of Police, Lanre Bankole, has ordered the immediate transfer of the suspects to the Homicide Section of the state Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for discreet investigation. He added, “The CP vowed that anyone who is directly or indirectly involved in the crime would be brought to book to serve as a deterrent to others.”