 Security Operatives Arrest 12 For Drug Peddling, Intake Of Mkpurummiri In Ebonyi Security operatives have arrested twelve suspects for alleged drug peddling and promoting intake of Methamphetamine, popularly known as Mkpurummiri in Ebonyi state. The suspects were arrested and paraded by the Ebonyi State Command of the Ebubeagu Security outfit, at its temporary office, located at the old government house, Abakaliki. The Ebonyi State Security Consultant, Chief Stanley Emegha, who spoke to journalists while parading the suspects, said that the security outfit, on a tip-off, stormed the hideout of the syndicate and arrested 12 of them, while others escaped. He noted that the suspects specialize in the distribution of hard drugs, such as Methamphetamine, popularly known as Mkpurummiri. Emegha, who is also the State chairman of the ruling All Progressive Congress, APC, in Ebonyi State, expressed dismay over the high rate of consumption of the illicit hard drugs and urged members of the public to avail the security outfit with useful information that would lead to the arrest of the remaining members of the syndicate. He blamed the criminal activities in the State on the high rate of consumption of hard and illicit drugs by hoodlums. According to him: “I have always emphasised that security is everybody’s business. We got hints yesterday about a gang that specializes in these hard drugs, the Mkpurummiri”. The state security consultant noted further that apart from the hard drugs and other substances, live ammunition and other dangerous weapons were also recovered from them. “When we got information of their activities, I immediately arranged with the Ebubeagu personnels who stormed their hideout and luckily, we were able to arrest them with all these items. “Twelve of them are here, though, there are still some of them that are at large, we promise strongly that we will do everything possible to get those at large. “I want to use the opportunity to call on the public, information is very vital, a key to security. If we get the information, we will do the needful,” he said. The State Security Consultant said that the suspects would be handed over to the police for interrogation and possible prosecution. He expressed the regret that some persons in the society who do not want the security of lives and properties of Ebonyi people to be protected are calling for the disbandment of EbubeAgu.