 The Department of State Service (DSS) has arrested a notorious land grabber, Adeogun Elijah for allegedly terrorising residents of Iju-Ota in Ado-Odo Ota Local Government Area of Ogun State. Elijah, popularly called Killer, was arrested on Monday in his home in Araromi Estate, Iyesi-Ota by the DSS tactical team. The 40-year-old suspect was reported to be on the wanted list of the police for the alleged murder of Monday Eredua and Moruf Babalola respectively. The suspect had previously evaded arrests by other sister security agencies. According to a source within the Ogun state command of the DSS, the suspect had seriously terrorised residents of Ipetu Baba-Ode via Iju-Ota, Ado Odo/Ota LGA. The source informed Channels Television that the land grabber and his gang members had attacked killed and destroyed property with the intention to forcefully take over the community land. He explained that the command received a petition dated 10th May 2022, by the Adelupo Family of Ipetu Baba Ode Community against the suspect for the alleged murder of Ereduwa and Babalola, who were respectively shot dead. The source added that Elijah, who operates as an estate agent in Ota, was also reported to have severed the hands and heads of his victims and dumped their remains in the swamp, to prevent the bodies from being discovered. “Following the receipt of the petition from the Adelupo Family of Ipetu Baba Ode Community, on May 10, over threat to life and murder of one Monday Ereduwa on 17th November 2021 and Moruf Babalola, on the 26th May 2021, the tactical team of the command conducted a special operation which led to the arrest of Elijah, otherwise known as ‘Killer’ and one other, Oyelekan Okunade,” said the source. “The suspect had earlier been declared wanted by the police and even evaded various attempts to arrest him by sister security agencies. The suspect had also terrorised the community, harassed and attacked the residents with the view to forcefully taking over the community land.” “It was also reported that the suspect was in the habit of harvesting the hands and heads of his victims, and later dumped the remains in the swamp to prevent the bodies from being discovered. The suspect, will, however, be handed over to the police for further investigation.”