The rise of cryptocurrency paved the way for users to openly use and expand their crypto portfolio. Out of all the crypto coins that are available in the market, none other quite compares to the vigour and success of Bitcoin (BTC). Being the first cryptocurrency released in the market, BTC enjoyed early bird privileges and instantly became an icon in the crypto space. What started as a mere currency that can barely buy two boxes of pizza became the most coveted coin in the world. What exactly are Bitcoins used for? When visiting a BTCcasino site, it’s incredibly important to make sure that you know the basics to avoid losing a huge amount of money in the long run. Before delving deeper into the wonders of BTC, you first need to understand what cryptocurrency is. Cryptocurrencies are currencies like fiat but are exchanged and operated exclusively online. What sets fiat and crypto apart is the latter’s blockchain. To enable safer and faster transactions, a blockchain is used to collect information and cluster them in groups known as blocks. A blockchain is also immutable and records the history of transactions which is why it is often regarded as a distributed ledger. There are a lot of reasons why Bitcoin is mostly regarded as the go-to crypto coin. Here are the amazing features that Bitcoin has: Bitcoin transactions are faster compared to their fiat counterparts like bank transfers and other traditional means of exchanging money. What makes it a lot better is it also takes little to no transaction fees depending on the exchange site. Not only are you getting your money’s worth by using BTC but you also gain the advantage of faster transaction speeds. BTC mining is a process for new Bitcoin to enter circulation. To mine, heavy-duty equipment is required to solve extremely complex equations. Whenever a miner completes a block, it is then added to the blockchain. Unlike fiat currency like the U.S dollar or the U.K pound, crypto is completely decentralised which means that there are no central authorities probing every single movement in the market. It also guarantees anonymous betting when it comes to online betting. This allows users to feel secure as the blockchain is almost impossible to hack because it is made with complex equations. If someone tries to do so, in-depth knowledge about crypto and blockchain is needed. There are no other words to explain Bitcoin other than it’s convenient and has a lot of potential. It also helps when there are a lot of establishments and online platforms that accept Bitcoin like BTCcasino sites. If you are still reluctant in figuring out whether or not you should invest in Bitcoin, these features hopefully lure you in to maximise your chances of earning profits when getting the coin. What are you waiting for? Learn more about the wonders of Bitcoin and join the crypto market.