Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential hopeful, claims that Nigerian workers constitute the country’s “backbone” and that none of them should be poor. The APC leader made the remark in a message posted on International Workers’ Day on Sunday. Tinubu praised the sacrifices of Nigerian workers, according to a statement signed by his media aide, Tunde Rahman. He urged for the end of workplace discrimination and harassment against women and persons with disabilities, as well as early payment of retirees for their contributions to the country’s prosperity. “Labour is the backbone of a nation. Our nation’s labourers are the daily unsung heroes of society,” the former Lagos governor said. “The work they performed helps define our nation. The goods and services their efforts provide are the basis of our collective well-being. “It is a day for us to fully celebrate the Nigerian worker. You face many obstacles, but you persevere and thrive even in the most difficult situations and hard times. “So many workers wake before dawn and continue their labour until well after dusk. Their industry and commitment are remarkable; their sacrifice, inspiring. Read Also: Amaechi: I Will Support Whoever Buhari, APC Favour As President In 2023 “Today, l join all Nigerians in celebrating the hard work and productivity of Nigerian workers around the country. Without them, there is no production, no progress, no development and no better tomorrow. “From factory to farm, large to small businesses, from using traditional skills in established ways to deploying technology to create new skills and tomorrow’s new products. “Through their hard endeavour, the nation’s workers embody the best of themselves and rekindle hope for Its nation’s future. “Let us also dedicate our labour to provide the best products and services our society and its people need. “Every day that we show up to work and contribute the best of ourselves to the labour at hand is a day we contribute to the betterment of our communities. “May we do what is necessary to pave and ease the way for the Nigerian labourer. “That no one who works for a living should live in poverty. That no one shall work in unacceptable and dangerous conditions. “No one shall experience discrimination and bigotry on the job. All forms of harassment of female workers and unfair treatment of the physically challenged must end. “And those who are now elderly and retired are duly entitled to timely and full payment of the pensions owed them for their years of labour and toil for the benefit of this nation. “As we acknowledge and celebrate the Nigerian worker on this day, let us as Nigerians, dedicate ourselves to a hopeful future where our individual and collective efforts merge in harmony to produce a better Nigeria for ourselves and future generations.” 